Some minor keyboard lock api improvements (#30071)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/keyboard/lock/index.md

can only capture keys that are granted access by the underlying operating
system.

> If `lock()` is called multiple times, previously locked keys will be unlocked and only the key codes specified in the most recent call will be locked.

Reviewer: Absolutely agree that the mention of unlock here is unhelpful. I find this a bit more readable though.

```suggestion
If `lock()` is called multiple times then only the key codes specified in the most recent call will be locked.
Any keys locked by a previous call to `lock()` are unlocked.
```
